OBJLST = cmap_clipboard.obj   \
         cmap_status.obj      \
         cmap_fonts.obj       \
         cmap_application.obj \
         cmap_specs.obj       \
         cmap_glyph.obj       \
         cmap_main.obj        \
         cmap_grid.obj        \
         cmap_about.obj       \
         pm_exclusion.obj     \
         pm_messages.obj      \
         pm_error.obj         \
         pm_frame.obj         \
         pm_combobox.obj      \
         pm_window.obj        \
         pm_thread.obj        \
         pm_profile.obj       \
         pm_gui.obj

cmap_status.h:        pm_window.h
cmap_about.h:         pm_frame.h
cmap_specs.h:         pm_frame.h
cmap_grid.h:          pm_window.h         \
                      pm_thread.h         \
                      pm_exclusion.h
cmap_glyph.h:         pm_window.h
cmap_application.h:   pm_combobox.h       \
                      pm_frame.h          \
                      cmap_grid.h         \
                      cmap_status.h       \
                      cmap_specs.h        \
                      cmap_glyph.h

pm_window.h:          pm_error.h
pm_frame.h:           pm_window.h
pm_combobox.h:        pm_window.h

pm_error.cpp:         pm_error.h
pm_gui.cpp:           pm_error.h          \
                      pm_gui.h
pm_thread.cpp:        pm_error.h          \
                      pm_gui.h            \
                      pm_thread.h
pm_messages.cpp:      pm_error.h          \
                      pm_messages.h
pm_window.cpp:        pm_window.h         \
                      pm_gui.h
pm_frame.cpp:         pm_frame.h
pm_combobox.cpp:      pm_combobox.h
pm_exclusion.cpp:     pm_exclusion.h
pm_profile.cpp:       pm_profile.h

cmap_status.cpp:      cmap_status.h
cmap_about.cpp:       cmap_about.h        \
                      cmap_ids.h          \
                      pm_messages.h
cmap_clipboard.cpp:   cmap_clipboard.h    \
                      pm_error.h          \
                      pm_gui.h
cmap_grid.cpp:        cmap_grid.h         \
                      cmap_ids.h          \
                      pm_gui.h
cmap_glyph.cpp:       cmap_glyph.h        \
                      pm_gui.h
cmap_fonts.cpp:       cmap_fonts.h        \
                      pm_error.h          \
                      pm_gui.h
cmap_specs.cpp:       cmap_specs.h        \
                      cmap_ids.h          \
                      pm_messages.h
cmap_application.cpp: cmap_application.h  \
                      cmap_clipboard.h    \
                      cmap_about.h        \
                      cmap_fonts.h        \
                      cmap_ids.h          \
                      pm_messages.h       \
                      pm_gui.h
cmap_main.cpp:        cmap_application.h  \
                      cmap_ids.h          \
                      pm_messages.h       \
                      pm_error.h          \
                      pm_gui.h
